SWIM SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT LICENSE AGREEMENT

This SWIM software development kit (SDK) License Agreement (“License Agreement”)
governs your use of the SWIM SDK, SWIM Core Runtime, SWIM Website and materials,
training and code samples.

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. “SWIM” means SWIM.AI, Inc. located at 1 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 200,
San Jose, CA 95113.

1.2. "SWIM SDK" means the SWIM SDK software downloaded from the swim developer
website and used to produce edge applications including custom data bridge
scripts, analytic logic scripts and API/GUI specification scripts.  This
includes SWIM system files, SWIM APIs, SWIM API add-ons, and any documentation
licensed to you under the terms of this License Agreement

1.3. “SWIM Core Runtime” means the core SWIM runtime code used to execute SDK
scripts and to enable edge data ingestion, analytics, processing, communication
and other functions

1.4. “SWIM Website, Materials and Training” means all information, documents,
code samples, applications, videos, links and materials provided on the swim
corporate website (ww.swim.ai) and developer website (www.swim.ai/developers)

1.5. “SWIM Code Samples” means software, executable code, interactive
applications examples and code samples made available to users by download,
via GitHub or through the SWIM website, materials and training

1.6. “SWIM API or GUI” means SWIM API or graphical use interface used in
conjunction with the swim SDK or core runtime.

1.7. “SWIM Application” means any application developed using the SWIM SDK,
SWIM Core Runtime, SWIM website, materials, training or code samples.  These
applications may include streaming data processing, data reduction, edge
applications, machine learning, basic or advanced analytics, edge computing or
other purposes

1.8. "SWIM Platform" means the SWIM SDK, SWIM core runtime, SWIM website, SWIM
API, SWIM GUI, SWIM Materials, Training, and SWIM code samples and related SWIM
products and services for development of applications, analytics, interfaces
and services

2. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT

2.1. You must accept this License Agreement before you can use the SWIM SDK,
core runtime, website, materials, training, code samples, API or GUI. By
clicking to accept this Agreement, or by accessing or using any portion of the
SWIM SDK or SWIM platform, you hereby agree to the terms and conditions of this
License Agreement.

2.2. You may not use the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform and may not accept this
License Agreement if you are a person barred from receiving the SWIM SDK or
SWIM platform under the laws of the United States or other countries, including
the country in which you are resident or from which you use the SWIM SDK or
SWIM platform.

2.3. If you are agreeing to be bound by this License Agreement on behalf of
your employer or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have full
legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to this License Agreement.
If you do not have the requisite authority, you may not accept this License
Agreement or use the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform on behalf of your employer or
other entity.

3. LICENSE TO SWIM SDK and SWIM platform

3.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, SWIM grants
to you a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive and
worldwide license to install and use up to two (2) instances of the SWIM SDK
and SWIM core runtime on a single MAC address solely to develop applications
that will run on the SWIM Platform.

3.2. YOU MAY NOT DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE SWIM SDK or SWIM platform OR ANY PART
THEREOF FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.  YOU MAY NOT USE the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform
to develop or operate a service (SAAS, PAAS, IAAS) IN ORDER TO DISTRIBUTE ANY
APPLICATIONS OR SERVICES CREATED USING the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform, YOU MUST
ENTER INTO A COMMERCIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH SWIM AND PAY ANY APPLICABLE FEES.

3.3. You may not use the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform to develop applications for
other platforms or to develop another SDK.

3.4. You may not use the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform for any purpose not
expressly permitted by the License Agreement. You may not copy (except for
backup purposes), modify, adapt, redistribute, decompile, reverse engineer,
disassemble, or create derivative works of the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform or
any part of the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform.

3.5. You agree that SWIM owns all legal right, title and interest in and to the
SWIM SDK and SWIM Platform, including any Intellectual Property Rights embodied
therein. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under patent
law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and all other
proprietary rights.  SWIM reserves all rights not expressly granted to you.
SWIM is free to use, implement and incorporate in the SWIM SDK and SWIM
Platform any suggestions, ideas, recommendations or feedback you provide,
without payment of additional consideration to you.

3.6. You agree that SWIM may provide updates or upgrades to the SWIM SDK and
SWIM Platform from time to time and such updates and upgrades will be governed
by this License Agreement unless SWIM makes access to such updates or upgrades
contingent upon you entering into a new agreement.

3.7. You agree that SWIM may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the
SWIM SDK or platform (or any features within the SWIM SDK or platform) to you
or to users generally at SWIM’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you.

3.8. You agree that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary
rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed
to or contained within the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform.  Subject to the
foregoing, nothing in this License Agreement gives you a right to use any of
SWIM’s trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other
distinctive brand features.

4. YOUR USE OF THE SWIM SDK and SWIM PLATFORM

4.1. SWIM agrees that it obtains no right, title or interest from you under
this License Agreement in or to any software applications that you develop
using the SWIM SDK, including any Intellectual Property Rights embodied in
those applications.

4.2. You agree to use the SWIM SDK and SWIM Platform and write applications
only for purposes that are permitted by (a) this License Agreement and (b) any
applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the
relevant jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data or
software to and from the United States or other relevant countries).

4.3. You agree that you will not engage in any activity with the SWIM SDK or
SWIM Platform, including the development of an application, that interferes
with, disrupts, damages, or accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers,
networks, or other properties or services of any third party.

4.4. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that SWIM has no
responsibility to you or to any third party for) any data, content, or
resources that you create, transmit or display through SWIM Platform, and for
the consequences of your actions (including any loss or damage which SWIM may
suffer) by doing so.

4.5. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that SWIM has no
responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations
under the License Agreement, any applicable third party contract or Terms of
Service, or any applicable law or regulation, and for the consequences
(including any loss or damage which SWIM or any third party may suffer) of any
such breach.

5. YOUR DEVELOPER CREDENTIALS

5.1. You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
any developer credentials that may be issued to you by SWIM or which you may
choose yourself and that you will be solely responsible for all applications
that are developed under your developer credentials.

6. PRIVACY AND INFORMATION

6.1. You agree that if you use the SWIM SDK or SWIM platform to develop
applications for other users, you will protect the privacy and legal rights of
those users, prominently display a privacy policy that describes to your users
the information that is collected by you and your application and how such
information is used and shared. You will maintain and process all user data in
accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws and regulations in
any countries in which your application is distributed or used.

6.2. SWIM may collect certain usage statistics from the SWIM SDK and SWIM
PLATFORM, including, but not limited to, a unique identifier, associated IP
address, version number of the SWIM SDK and information on which tools and/or
services in the SWIM SDK and SWIM platform are being used and how they are
being used.  This information will be collected and used in accordance with
the SWIM Privacy Policy available at  https://www.swim.ai/privacy-policy

7. Third Party Applications

7.1. If you use the SWIM SDK or SWIM Platform to run applications developed by
a third party or that access data, content or resources provided by a third
party, you agree that SWIM is not responsible for those applications, data,
content, or resources. You understand that all data, content or resources which
you may access through such third-party applications are the sole
responsibility of the person from which they originated and that SWIM is not
liable for any loss or damage that you may experience as a result of the use or
access of any of those third-party applications, data, content, or resources.

7.2. You should be aware the data, content, and resources presented to you
through such a third-party application may be protected by intellectual
property rights which are owned by the providers (or by other persons or
companies on their behalf). You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell,
distribute or create derivative works based on these data, content, or
resources (either in whole or in part) unless you have been specifically
given permission to do so by the relevant owners.

7.3. You acknowledge that your use of such third-party applications, data,
content, or resources may be subject to separate terms between you and the
relevant third party. In that case, the License Agreement does not affect
your legal relationship with these third parties.

8. Using SWIM APIs

8.1 SWIM Data and GUI APIs

8.1.1. If you use any API to retrieve data from SWIM or send data to SWIM APIs,
you acknowledge that the data may be protected by intellectual property rights
which are owned by SWIM or those parties that provide the data (or by other
persons or companies on their behalf). Your use of any such API may be subject
to additional Terms of Service. You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell,
distribute or create derivative works based on this data (either in whole or
in part) unless allowed by the relevant Terms of Service.

9. TERM AND TERMINATION

9.1. This Agreement is effective until terminated by SWIM or you as described
below.

9.2. You may terminate this Agreement by notifying SWIM that you have stopped
all use of the SWIM SDK and SWIM platform.

9.3. SWIM may terminate this Agreement at any time if (a) you have breached any
provision of this Agreement; (b) SWIM is legally required to do so; or (c) SWIM
decides not to provide the SWIM SDK, SWIM platform or services related to the
SWIM SDK and SWIM platform to users in the country in which you reside.

9.4. Upon any termination of this Agreement you will immediately: (a) cease all
use of the SWIM SDK and SWIM platform; and (b) destroy all copies of the SWIM
SDK and SWIM platform and portions thereof in your possession or control.  The
provisions of Sections 1, 5 through 9, 10, and 11 through 15 inclusive of this
Agreement will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10. NO WARRANTIES

The SWIM SDK and SWIM platform is provided to you on an “AS IS” basis and
without warranty of any kind.  SWIM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER
STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SWIM SDK AND SWIM PLATFORM,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE
OF THE SWIM SDK AND SWIM PLATFORM IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU
ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SWIM SDK AND SWIM
PLATFORM, ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE AND ANY LOSS OF
DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH INSTALLATION AND USE.

11. SWIM LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

11.1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SWIM BE LIABLE
TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF
BUSINESS, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SWIM SDK AND PLATFORM, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT PRODUCT
LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SWIM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

11.2. IN NO EVENT WILL SWIM’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (USD $100).

11.3. You and SWIM agree that the foregoing warranty disclaimer and limitation
of liability fairly allocate the risks in the Agreement between the parties,
that such allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain
between the parties, and that SWIM would not have entered this Agreement
without these limitations.

12. YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OF SWIM

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SWIM, its affiliates and their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from and
against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and
all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) arising out of or allegedly based (in whole or in part) on:
(a) your use of the SWIM SDK or SWIM PLATFORM, (b) any violation by you of any
applicable law or regulation, or (c) any non-compliance by you with the terms
of this License Agreement (including, without limitation, your non-compliance
with Section 11).

13. Changes to the License Agreement

13.1. SWIM may make changes to the License Agreement as it distributes new
versions of the SDK or Platform. When these changes are made, SWIM will make a
new version of the License Agreement available on the website where the SDK or
Platform elements are made available.

14. RESTRICTION ON EXPORT

You acknowledge and agree that you will not import, export, or re-export,
directly or indirectly, any commodity (including, without limitation, the SWIM
SDK, SWIM Platform or related information) to any country in violation of the
laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction. This restriction expressly
includes, without limitation, the export regulations of the United States, and
the import and export restrictions of the various European countries.

15. GENERAL TERMS

This License Agreement is the entire legal agreement between you and SWIM
regarding your use of the SWIM SDK and SWIM platform, and may only be modified,
or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by both parties.
Nothing in this License Agreement shall not be construed to create a
partnership, joint venture, employment or agency relationship between you and
SWIM.  In the event that any of the provisions of this License Agreement are
held by to be unenforceable by a court or arbitrator, the remaining portions
of this License Agreement will remain in full force and effect.  EXPORT
RESTRICTIONS. THE SDK and CORE RUNTIME ARE SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES EXPORT
LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL
EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO THE SDK and runtime. THESE LAWS
INCLUDE RESTRICTIONS ON DESTINATIONS, END USERS AND END USE. The rights granted
in this License Agreement may not be assigned or transferred by you without the
prior written approval of SWIM.  This License Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws
provisions.  You and SWIM agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts located within the county of Santa Clara, California to resolve any
legal matter arising from this License Agreement.  Notwithstanding this, you
agree that SWIM shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an
equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction in the world.
